What happens when you initialize a repository? Why do you need to do it?
a new hidden folder named ".git" is created. It contains all the meta-data git needs for this repository.

How is the staging area different from the working directory and the repository? What value do you think it offers?
A repository is the screenshot of all the files at a certain point in time. A working copy is a version of the repository that I have on my machine and it's where I do all the modifications before I commit them to the repository. The staging area is a temporary place between the working copy and the repository. It's useful because it allows me to add more than one file in a single commit to the repository.

How can you use the staging area to make sure you have one commit per logical change?
The staging area contains the files that are about to be committed. You can use it to review these files before committing and make sure that they all relate to one logical change

What are some situations when branches would be helpful in keeping your history organized? How would branches help?
When adding a new feature that is still not 100% mature and might ruin the application. And at the same time I'd want a fully functional copy of the application to show to the manager or a client.

How do the diagrams help you visualize the branch structure?
It's alot better seeing them as a diagram instead of just a bunch of lines under each other.

What is the result of merging two branches together? Why do we represent it in the diagram the way we do?
A branch that contains all the modifications made on both branches. Because they do move in two different directions and then after the merge they become one again.

What are the pros and cons of Git’s automatic merging vs. always doing merges manually?
Automatic merging saves the developer's time and effort by sparing him the hassle of having to compare hundreds and maybe thousands of lines everytime he performs a commit. The bas side of it is that it sometimes messes up a file when conflicts occur.
Manual merging on the other hand guarantees that nothing will be lost neither messed up because the two or more concerned people will be the ones merging and putting in the file what is needed without messing it up. But that would take up alot of time.